we asked a few familiar faces what they
thought of the results and genuinely
guested that Nancy's gone I think the
show will really miss her and Anton as a
couple I mean they brought something to
strictly that okay maybe wasn't dancing
not that I can talk and that's just a
sense of humor I'm not gonna lie I was
extremely scared I've lost my voice I
just would be really sad to go this week
I don't think we're ready to go we would
definitely weren't ready to go so
extremely happy that we're back in it's
really hard to portray your excitement
because after the show you're so just
exhausted through the nerves and
adrenaline and stuff so it's so far it's
been it's been good I'm starting to
worry when it's all gonna go horribly
wrong it's been going you know I'm
technically not good just keep
everything aside because you know why
would you want to see all of your
victims for a new week from you dance so
whatever happens Elsa brand new Chelsea
bring attention okay